## Review Of Models Success
My board was perfectly functional and achieved all of the requirements for the project. I achieved every single goal that I envisioned with my board.

## Microcontroller/Module Startup Tip
Based on my experience getting this board working, these are the things that I would look into. **Power Indicating LED:** One of the greatest and most usable features that you can have on your board. It is the indicator for whether or not your board is receiving power, and if it is, whilst the LED is not on, then you know you have a short somewhere. **Test Points:** This is the one feature that I overlooked, which would have made testing my voltages and continuities a lot easier. **Utilize Silkscreen:** I cannot emphasize this one enough, whether it be labeling buttons or LEDS, having a dedicated LED with power next to it, or having a button with BOOT above it, not only helps you, but it would help teammates, professors, and TAs locate vital components or LED indicators. **Extra Parts:** You more than likely will fry something. I have fried more than my fair share of components. Don't be afraid to use that budget; you were given a large budget for a reason. Do not be afraid to buy extra parts. **Check Component Sizes:** I fell victim to this myself; my temperature sensor required very small pads that JLC could not print. This caused me to have to redesign and order a new temperature sensor. Do not make the same mistake. I wouldn't go smaller than 0805 for resistors, capacitors, etc.

## Lessons Learned
My top 10 most important things I have learned following the completion of the project are, **(1) Take My Time:** Often times I found myself putting every single component on my board, then having to remove each component one by one to find a short that I created. So, take placing components in blocks, like making sure your voltage regulator is functioning properly with only the required components for functionality, before you place important parts like the ESP32 chip. **(2) Check Schematic For Correct Component Ratings:** As I have previously stated, I ordered the wrong size transistor for my regulator, but did not realize it until after I burned through 4 voltage regulators and 2 ESP32's. It never hurts to double-check. **(3) Silkscreen Utilization:** There is a lot of quality of life in labeling components like LEDs and buttons to save yourself a headache from not having to constantly reference your schematic for the purpose of said components. **(4) Make sure to put components like resistors and capacitors back in their designated bag:** With capacitors and resistors sometimes not being labeled, when jumbled together, it is a nightmare trying to test resistance on an 0805 part using a multimeter. **(5) Have sizes for simple components like capacitors and resistors universal amongst team members:** My group ended up going in a multitude of directions, some using 1205 and others even smaller with 0605. Having all team members use the same size components makes it so that if you happen to need some more, you know your team has the same size components. **(6) Smaller team size:** My team was amazing, I thoroughly enjoyed working with every single one of them, but it is an absolute nightmare trying to get 10 college students all in the same room or same call outside of class. **(7) More LEDs / jumpers / test points:** They say you can never have too many of either of the previous features, and they are correct. Having multiple access points for debudding is such a lifesaver, and I wish I had more of them at my disposal. **(8) Have roles in team assignments:** More often than not, a singular teammate can complete an entire group assignment by themselves. By the time any other team members go to work on it, they notice that it is already completed. Whereas if you were to assign team members specific parts versus having 3 people trying to commit changes to the GitHub on the same paragraph at the same time, well, it can get messy. **(9) Purchase plenty of components:** As I have said previously, utilize the budget to its fullest capabilities, do not be shy about buying lots of extra components. **(10) Space out components:** It is nice when everything is compact, but it becomes a chore when soldering. Plus, if you space components out, it helps with heat distribution.

## Recommendations for future students
Here are my top five recommendations for future students. **Order more parts than you think you need, then double that:** It never hurts to have spare parts; more often than you think, one is going to get lost in your carpet or on the floor, and you do not want to be on Digikey making another order because you lost 5 resistors. **Communicate with your team:** They are there to help as well; do not be afraid to ask your teammate for help or advice. **Check PCB connections and part datasheets:** You cannot reference a data sheet too much; better to be safe than sorry. Also, make sure PCB connections are where they are supposed to be with reference to the data sheets. **Ask for help:** The professor and the TAs are there to help you; utilize them. **Set achievable goals:** With other classes, you do not want to fall behind in debugging your PCB while you have finals and other classes. It is an unnecessary burden that you self-inflict.
